python/docs/branch.rst, before:

.. code-block:: bash

   Usage: nessie branch [OPTIONS] [BRANCH] [BASE_REF]
   
     Branch operations.
   
     BRANCH name of branch to list or create/assign
   
     BASE_REF name of branch or tag from which to create/assign the new BRANCH
   
     Examples:
   
         nessie branch -> list all branches
   
         nessie branch -l -> list all branches
   
         nessie branch -l main -> list only main
   
         nessie branch -d main -> delete main
   
         nessie branch new_branch -> create new branch named 'new_branch' at
         current HEAD of the default branch
   
         nessie branch new_branch main -> create new branch named 'new_branch' at
         head of reference named 'main'
   
         nessie branch -o 12345678abcdef new_branch main -> create a branch named
         'new_branch' at hash 12345678abcdef on reference named 'main'
   
         nessie branch -f existing_branch main -> assign branch named
         'existing_branch' to head of reference named 'main'
   
         nessie branch -o 12345678abcdef -f existing_branch main -> assign branch
         named 'existing_branch' to hash 12345678abcdef on reference named 'main'
   
   Options:
     -l, --list              list branches
     -d, --delete            delete a branch
     -f, --force             force branch assignment
     -o, --hash-on-ref TEXT  Hash on source-reference for 'create' and 'assign'
                             operations, if the branch shall not point to the HEAD
                             of the given source-reference.
     -c, --condition TEXT    Expected hash. Only perform the action if the branch
                             currently points to the hash specified by this option.
     --help                  Show this message and exit.

Commit message:

Python: Add CLI command to show a diff between two references (#2831)
This adds the `nessie diff <from> <to>` command in order to show a diff
between the two given references. Below is an example with a diff
output.

`$ nessie diff main some-tag`

```
ContentKey: create-contents-2021-12-03-09-48-05.contents.0
FROM:
        Iceberg table:
        metadata-location: metadata 5112074875886197399
        snapshot-id: 1187121107708844201
        schema-id: 1780143928
        partition-spec-id: 1539871200
        default-sort-order-id: -1074107305
TO:
Iceberg table:
        metadata-location: metadata 5112074875886197399
        snapshot-id: -705475403760755661
        schema-id: 793115611
        partition-spec-id: 1354059563
        default-sort-order-id: -430174857
----------------------------------------
ContentKey: create-contents-2021-12-03-10-08-20.contents.0
FROM:
        SqlView:
        Dialect: SPARK
        Sql: SELECT blah FROM meh;
TO:

----------------------------------------
ContentKey: create-contents-2021-12-03-10-07-32.contents.0
FROM:
        DeltaLake table:
        Last Checkpoint: Another checkpoint -6275691305927605975
        Delta History: metadata location history 8459483870524679488
                Another metadata location -7686374625771270702
        Checkpoint History:
TO:

----------------------------------------

python/docs/branch.rst, after:

.. code-block:: bash

   Usage: nessie branch [OPTIONS] [BRANCH] [BASE_REF]
   
     Branch operations.
   
     BRANCH name of branch to list or create/assign
   
     BASE_REF name of branch or tag from which to create/assign the new BRANCH
   
     Examples:
   
         nessie branch -> list all branches
   
         nessie branch -l -> list all branches
   
         nessie branch -l main -> list only main
   
         nessie branch -d main -> delete main
   
         nessie branch new_branch -> create new branch named 'new_branch' at
         current HEAD of the default branch
   
         nessie branch new_branch main -> create new branch named 'new_branch' at
         head of reference named 'main'
   
         nessie branch -o 12345678abcdef new_branch main -> create a branch named
         'new_branch' at hash 12345678abcdef on reference named 'main'
   
         nessie branch -f existing_branch main -> assign branch named
         'existing_branch' to head of reference named 'main'
   
         nessie branch -o 12345678abcdef -f existing_branch main -> assign branch
         named 'existing_branch' to hash 12345678abcdef on reference named 'main'
   
   Options:
     -l, --list              list branches
     -d, --delete            delete a branch
     -f, --force             force branch assignment
     -o, --hash-on-ref TEXT  Hash on source-reference for 'create' and 'assign'
                             operations, if the branch shall not point to the HEAD
                             of the given source-reference.
     -c, --condition TEXT    Expected hash. Only perform the action if the branch
                             currently points to the hash specified by this option.
     -x, --extended          Retrieve additional metadata for a branch, such as
                             number of commits ahead/behind, info about the HEAD
                             commit, number of total commits, or the common
                             ancestor hash.
     --help                  Show this message and exit.
