python/docs/tag.rst, before:

.. code-block:: bash

   Usage: nessie tag [OPTIONS] [TAG_NAME] [BASE_REF]
   
     Tag operations.
   
     TAG_NAME name of branch to list or create/assign
   
     BASE_REF name of branch or tag whose HEAD reference is to be used for the new
     tag
   
     Examples:
   
         nessie tag -> list all tags
   
         nessie tag -l -> list all tags
   
         nessie tag -l v1.0 -> list only tag "v1.0"
   
         nessie tag -d v1.0 -> delete tag "v1.0"
   
         nessie tag new_tag -> create new tag named 'new_tag' at current HEAD of
         the default branch
   
         nessie tag new_tag main -> create new tag named 'new_tag' at head of
         reference named 'main' (branch or tag)
   
         nessie tag -o 12345678abcdef new_tag test -> create new tag named
         'new_tag' at hash 12345678abcdef on reference named 'test'
   
         nessie tag -f existing_tag main -> assign tag named 'existing_tag' to head
         of reference named 'main'
   
         nessie tag -o 12345678abcdef -f existing_tag main -> assign tag named
         'existing_tag' to hash 12345678abcdef on reference named 'main'
   
   Options:
     -l, --list              list branches
     -d, --delete            delete a branches
     -f, --force             force branch assignment
     -o, --hash-on-ref TEXT  Hash on source-reference for 'create' and 'assign'
                             operations, if the tag shall not point to the HEAD of
                             the given source-reference.
     -c, --condition TEXT    Expected hash. Only perform the action if the tag
                             currently points to the hash specified by this option.
     --help                  Show this message and exit.

Commit message:

Python: Add CLI command to show a diff between two references (#2831)
This adds the `nessie diff <from> <to>` command in order to show a diff
between the two given references. Below is an example with a diff
output.

`$ nessie diff main some-tag`

```
ContentKey: create-contents-2021-12-03-09-48-05.contents.0
FROM:
        Iceberg table:
        metadata-location: metadata 5112074875886197399
        snapshot-id: 1187121107708844201
        schema-id: 1780143928
        partition-spec-id: 1539871200
        default-sort-order-id: -1074107305
TO:
Iceberg table:
        metadata-location: metadata 5112074875886197399
        snapshot-id: -705475403760755661
        schema-id: 793115611
        partition-spec-id: 1354059563
        default-sort-order-id: -430174857
----------------------------------------
ContentKey: create-contents-2021-12-03-10-08-20.contents.0
FROM:
        SqlView:
        Dialect: SPARK
        Sql: SELECT blah FROM meh;
TO:

----------------------------------------
ContentKey: create-contents-2021-12-03-10-07-32.contents.0
FROM:
        DeltaLake table:
        Last Checkpoint: Another checkpoint -6275691305927605975
        Delta History: metadata location history 8459483870524679488
                Another metadata location -7686374625771270702
        Checkpoint History:
TO:

----------------------------------------

python/docs/tag.rst, after:

.. code-block:: bash

   Usage: nessie tag [OPTIONS] [TAG_NAME] [BASE_REF]
   
     Tag operations.
   
     TAG_NAME name of branch to list or create/assign
   
     BASE_REF name of branch or tag whose HEAD reference is to be used for the new
     tag
   
     Examples:
   
         nessie tag -> list all tags
   
         nessie tag -l -> list all tags
   
         nessie tag -l v1.0 -> list only tag "v1.0"
   
         nessie tag -d v1.0 -> delete tag "v1.0"
   
         nessie tag new_tag -> create new tag named 'new_tag' at current HEAD of
         the default branch
   
         nessie tag new_tag main -> create new tag named 'new_tag' at head of
         reference named 'main' (branch or tag)
   
         nessie tag -o 12345678abcdef new_tag test -> create new tag named
         'new_tag' at hash 12345678abcdef on reference named 'test'
   
         nessie tag -f existing_tag main -> assign tag named 'existing_tag' to head
         of reference named 'main'
   
         nessie tag -o 12345678abcdef -f existing_tag main -> assign tag named
         'existing_tag' to hash 12345678abcdef on reference named 'main'
   
   Options:
     -l, --list              list branches
     -d, --delete            delete a branches
     -f, --force             force branch assignment
     -o, --hash-on-ref TEXT  Hash on source-reference for 'create' and 'assign'
                             operations, if the tag shall not point to the HEAD of
                             the given source-reference.
     -c, --condition TEXT    Expected hash. Only perform the action if the tag
                             currently points to the hash specified by this option.
     -x, --extended          Retrieve additional metadata for a tag, such as number
                             of commits ahead/behind, info about the HEAD commit,
                             number of total commits, or the common ancestor hash.
     --help                  Show this message and exit.
